- [Frank] Whether you are writing internet applications
or enterprise applications targeting the JVM,
there is no question that Spring is the premier framework
for doing this type of work.
Spring offers a rich set of abstractions
that allow developers to focus on the business needs
and not on the needs of the infrastructure
or your integrations.
This gives developers speed to market,
as well as the ability to quickly iterate on functionality.
The power of Spring doesn't stop there.
It continues with a robust community
filled with knowledgeable and friendly developers
that are more than willing to offer insights
to those still learning
or seasoned veterans that are stuck.
And we all get stuck.
Hi, my name is Frank Moley.
I'm a software architect,
developer, teacher, and perpetual student.
I have been involved with the Spring community
for over 12 years
and solved many hundreds of real world problems
using this framework.
In this course,
we will use the widely popular Spring Boot framework
as a backdrop for learning about Spring,
how it works,
and how to use that knowledge
to build on it for more complex workloads.
Buckle up because over the next couple hours,
we will touch a large part of the Spring ecosystem
to help you build a solid foundation
for using the Spring framework.